hey guys my name is easygoing and today
i want to show you how to do the new way
of the maître Skywalker glitch first of
all watch one of the videos will show
you how to get out of the map you can
see the tutorials at the left side of my
video if you have done it correctly we
can move on with the next step
ah
for the next step we do need to support
or gas and the mortar just place the
spawn beacon and suicide yourself
when you respawn you have to perform the
new knife lunge glitch tutorial how to
do it is you can at the left side of the
video
to finish the sketch move on to the sea
flag and life the enemy if you have done
it correctly you should respawn in the
sky I hope you like the glitch please
subscribe to stay updated of the news
battlefield 3 DHS your is it going
you